From the beginning of the Inehmo to the beginning of this day i contemplated; 
"how can this feel so good.....? you put the HABI all in.." 

Young Hairy almost past adolescence 

CHAPTER

In the beginning, Nothing was inseparable from Everything. HABI (Heaven) â€“ HABI 
(Universe) - Human World (Hell). Everything, with the rather fake all-in-one 
inclusivity of a vitamin pill, represented nihilist ambiguity to the point the 
MOTHER of HABI, in a horrible discontent of her own characteristics that 
reflected on this (because she was her own MOTHER, the HABI, and her beautiful 
agglutinative language ALL IN ONE), created the human prototype in 3 gender 
& identity-transcending specimens; oVERDoSE BoRJE, BONE-T & YOUNG HAIRY. From 
this point, ladies used to want to piss on these lads; earlier ladies used to 
want to piss on these lads. In fact, the human population became an utterly 
positivity-radiating demographic of acolytes (More honorably represented as the 
HOE HORDE)

CONCLUSION

Little brother, can you listen for a moment when i tell you..... this dope is 
amongst the most legendary things ever...... is it INCREDIBLE?? IT IS A POUND, 
IT IS A MUNICIPALITY, IT CARRIES HE HABI OF CIA, WILL.I.AM, THEIR HABI IS 
FRUTTI DI MARE, hoes know the hugs of the mother are rough when my HABI is 90% 
percent they occupy it...

Now it's time to taste on the first drops of how the birds must feel like..... 
This is motherfucking Leaving Las Vegas !!!! Wiping the memory N-O-W and see 
what they say when i'm the last one standing!! When I first heard the H-word at 
12 years old, it didn't sound like a "positive"-sounding word as compared to 
"hopes" and "dreams". It still doesn't sound like a positive word, but out of 
the sheer power of it, it has become the most encouraging word in HER language, 
surpassing everything agglutinative and beyond. And yet, these haters STILL 
DON'T use the word amongst themselves in everyday speech. Isn't that cute?

Do you feel the mother, are you afraid of flirting with her? Are you afraid she 
might have a boyfriend? AFRAID she'll call the police on violation or offense? 
THAT IS NOT VERY P-O-S-I-T-I-V-E OF YOU??

Being positive is easy. Just dress up in postcubism like a preacher (life 
after), overdose every morning like you were a magical girl immune to the 
effects, put decent faith into the habi you wear, and you've WON THE WORLD. YOU 
HAVE NO RIGHT TO COMPLAIN, even if it hurts in some months! All the blood our 
mother has shed doing hard labor, keeping her smile up, spreading her spirit 
for our best interests far surpasses the volume of our rotten C-R-O-C-O-D-I-L-E 
tears !!!

And it's also her who envies you drifting off from your <3 PATH <3 like the most 
irresponsible currents of ocean......... FUCKING L O L maybe you should try 
medicating your machine too to realize how crude it is

back amongst my children... hi, flirts, it takes a third eye and hand to chug 
one of these doses down anywhere fast enough

HABI so pretty pretty.

HABI so petite!

HABI so young and fresh.

HABI blue hair!

HABI so smart

Neither trashy nor self-entitled

HABI is NOT an emotionless doll!

HABI does all she can to learn from her surroundings

HABI likes to judge her own thought, instincts; to strive to be the best she 
can and to help others around her wherever and whenever possible

HABI is special

So kind! Cute! Adorable!

Thank you so much HABI!

I love you.

it steals your smile to go through this path..... but gotta tread it to the end 
my hoes

FINALLY HOME! now it's time to test how fast it takes to chug the catalysts of 
the habi in the world - are you a slave to the spirit, the master of it or do 
you coexist in a healthy relationship of two still-unroutined hearts-kind of 
stuff..... oh, and holidays soon, the mouth licking what marinaded me silly.... 
WHO STANDS LAST IF NOT H-E-R OR OUR COMPATRIOTS ?????

speaking of PMS, it's unfortunate i don't (do) represent the demographic of 
male magical girls as that clique of homies has like endless potential 
<3 <3 <3 <3 <3

<3 <3 <3 <3 GOOOD GRACIOUS MY HABI IS REACHING THE SANCTIFIED #THOUSANDMILLION
BECAUSE I'M A MOTHER YOUNG HAIRY SOON GROWN <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 #POSITIVITY 
NOBODY SAW POTENTIAL IN A YOUNG BOY <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 YOU'RE MY FRIENDS BECAUSE ME 
MOTHER VIRGIN <3 <3 <3 <3 QUOTATIONS ARE AT END BECAUSE ME THE MIOTHER NOW <3 
<3 <3 <3
