 #license:GPL-2+ 
To the reader.

My name is Nicole Ass Cage. I am responsible for this story being a thing. I am 
not at all sorry and will continue this pattern of unremorsefulness until I'm 
paid 50 million yen.

Niggers, a story by the Pony Dev night owls.
It was a dark and stormy night, and Pony Devs writes a story. The movie. Alan 
Parsons advised Bewwy that this was a terrible idea and would never get done, 
but Jess advised the group that nothing ever got done without a fair bit of 
stupidity and persistance. Jess agreed because nobody liked her ass 
anyways.Jess also wished aloud that people would stop writing in her narrative 
voice. "It's time to be my pet, little pony." quoth the midget queen, lounging 
in her luxurious bathtub throne.

"yes,pls" replied the cockroach butler, glad to be relieved of his maternal 
duty in the laundry room. Nobody liked his ass anyways, and he felt kind of 
left out during all the nazi-themed orgies his employers kept holding every 
Thursday. Nothing could compare to a collective hivemind of creatures heiling 
some no longer existant fÃ¼rher whilst pegging each other's brains out; after 
all, there really isn't much else to life.

Tuxxy strutted into the room like some sort of spoiled preteen jew, his 
nostrils twitching in anticipation of the large amount of faggotry about to 
occur within his bowels. The wait antagonized him, gnawing at his empty 
sphincter. Upon seeing Tux trotting into the restroom, his ass-less chaps 
tightly bound to his pasty, flabby legs that were somehow thinner than the 
matchsticks Jess uses to clean out her earwax, Twi surged out of her bathtub 
throne and shoved a massive sandwich right into his gaping, waiting mouth. He 
couldn't contain his ecstasy, and moaned around the large, genoa-laden food 
item.

"Bitch please, I need to make lunchmeat puns here," swore Berwyn at the 
fictional characters (who aren't so fictional) that populate this fic. Jess 
wondered a lot about the taste of midget love handles and how far they would go 
before the collective group reached a pinnacle of absolute faggotry. This 
pondering by narrators aside, the hot, sexy food orgy resumed.

 Twi's tastebuds climaxed, her bathtub straining to hold the massive, roasted 
 (not to mention spiced to perfection) cock that was her boyfriend's pet 
 rooster that he had given her last tuesday. Oh, if only he knew that she was 
 cheating on him with a mere Linux Mint plebian who didn't even know how to 
 install Gentoo, even though he was so deliciously tasty! The nerve of such 
 a lowly beta plebian/total fucking neckbeard, who didn't even qualify as 
 a neckbeard because his server contained non-FOSS utilities! I bet he didn't 
 even lift. 

"U WOT M8?" He yelled in reply, his faggoty, pimply, sweaty, neckbearded face 
rippling with anger until his fedora flew across the room and into orbit. He 
immediately jumped into his swivel chair, covered in sweat and Twi's semen. He 
furiously mashed his keys to type in "4chan.org"

Tuxxy decided to make a candlejack joke, that he didn't even finish because he 
was a massive, neckbearded faggot; unlike Berwyn, the patron saint of 
virginity, beloved mormon drag queen and master of the art of shoving twinkies 
into a server drive bay until it satisfied his smoke fetish. His fat neckfolds 
tingled in anticipation of the incoming vagina. Twi's boyfriend, a majestic 
Coleman grill with included side burners, triplet roasting racks, and 
a dedicated corn spit, was watching this in horror. His girlfriend is fucking 
wearing uggs, socks, and a disgusting plaid fedora bearing the mark of her true 
legbeard-ery, the hated phrase, "M'lady". The collective group vomitied, seeing 
what only existed within the darkest, most satanic depths of their worst 
nightmares.

"Tuxxy, you're such a n00b lameass beta faggot jew nigger" said Tekner, who had 
no idea how 2 4chan without namefagging. Nobody paid attention because Legends 
of Equestria is only relevant to scrubs and single-breasted hookers. [Insert 
Horse Game plug here.] [Follow up plug for Guild of Unicorns.][While we're at 
it, we'll plug the dead Fighting is Magic, and the yet-more-dead PonyKart. We 
will not, however, mention anything reasonable and/or good][Followup followup 
mention for the collective hivemind that controls 
everything.][xXx420BLAZEITNOSCOPEFAGGOTJEWMOTHERFUCKERxXx][TOPLEL TROLLED YOU 
XDDD]

It was the perfect orgy. Sweat was flowing from the overtired developers as 
they poured their hearts and souls into this flawed masterpiece of 
semi-religious post-modern literature. But that's not the orgy we care about in 
this story. Black to the faggotry in the tub. (Side note, the narrative seems 
to have some sort of racial prejudice because they're a filthy mormon 
(disregard the improper use of English there), nevermind the fact that 
narratives (not narrators) can't have genders or personalities and worships 
joseph smith's sixteenth nipple and/or buttplug. Never forget the buttplug, 
it's USB-powered! As is the robotic spitroast we've in store for our 
neckbearded faggot of an (wannabe) hero (who probably LARPs)! DAE kek at beta?)

Lively thrusting breadcrumbs into Tuxxy's stretched cheeks (as they hadn't 
moved away from the sandwich yet), Twi decided to pull her bestest friend Jess 
into the action with an immensely satisfying queef that may or may not have 
come from the butler's underarms. The excited Twi then felt a bulging between 
her legs. Looking down, feeling her excitement, she realised there was a tumor 
growing from all the latent faggotry. Realising that only by causing the tumor 
to burst with sheer faggotry, she continued, first by pulling the first strapon 
of the night from behind Jess's ear. Jess was amazed that Twi had somehow found 
her hidden stash of ear strapons, and hoped the buttplugs stored in her 
opposite ear were safe. Eager to get started, Tuxx made to do something that 
could be feasibly determined as domient amoung species of spineless fish.

"Oh bby" moaned Jess in a somewhat angsty tone most frequently used by 
metalcore fangirls upon realizing that jazz/metal crossovers are a thing, her 
earlobes growing with every breath she took as Tuxxy lapped at his beef jerky 
milkshake. Twi, enraged by his fishy display of romance decided that enough was 
enough! This tumor wasn't going to pop itself! Neither was Berwyn's overt 
fondness of exclamation marks! Jess had to join in on the exclamation party, or 
else she would have felt left out!!!!!!one!!1!

The sweat eventually evaporated into steam, leaving tablesalt strewn under 
Jess' underarms. Beckoning with a "come hither" gesture/facial expression to 
the peanut gallery, Twi's boyfriend waddled over and promptly sucked on her 
armpits, his manboobs (grill knobs?) jiggling in anticipation and leaking milk  
(gasoline? Propane. But that's (usually)  a gas! As if the laws of physics gave 
a damn about a jealous grill. In any case, It's usually stored as a liquid 
inside Jess' nostrils and/or Tuxxy's sphincter, perhaps even Twi's eyebrows.) 
all over Twi's brand new bathtub. 

"Ah well, at least that shit gets cleaned out real easy if you use Oxyclean."

Nobody had any words for this blatant shilling, so they slapped Tekner with 
Silver Eagle's soggy sandwich and resumed with the orgy as usual. Twi bent Tux 
over, but rather than diving in, placed paper caps over his feet, bound his 
arms like wings, and poured his own delicious sauce all over his back. The 
turkey named Tuxxy was now in its marination phase. At this point, Twi's 
boyfriend became interested. Starting the prehead cycle for 450 degrees 
Fahrenheit, he pounced upon his adultrous girlfriend, her best "friend", and 
the turkey. 

Somehow this did not feel right, but he pushed away what little remorse he had 
for murdering his father and thrusted forward into the giant udder that 
belonged to Jess' cow, with which she had never partaken in any romantic 
relations ever. The virgin cow, waiting to be sacrificed to Jess' tumblr demon 
wolfkin god, "Yphestos", was now defiled. Feeling great rage, Jess revealed her 
secret stash of buttplugs behind her left ear, and took her vengeance upon the 
faithless heathen cowwhore. Many were its laments, and it lowed the displeasure 
of having a buttplug inserted into its sphincter, and Jess shoving a large beef 
sandwich into its (until that moment) untainted nostril. Tuxxy, high on 
marinade (along with copious amounts of cocaine and LSD), began to write down 
what he observed during his marination, and dubbed it "The Bobble: Revised 
Edition"

Surprisingly enough, Tuxxy's book sold like wildfire amongst the hardcore 
athiest community, thereby funding any future food-themed orgies held by his 
invisible midget friends Jess and Twi. But alas, he would never live to see the 
sales, for at that moment, the grill and Twi simultaneously struck. With 
a large, tumor-ridden, sandwich dildo penis, Twi rammed herself into his pasty, 
white, flabby, ungodly behind, and the grill began roasting his face into 
a nice cutlet. The grill roared, bursting with flames. But thanks to a mistake 
in momentum, Twi accidentally tore his ass apart and sent her sandwich dildo 
penis flaming through Tuxxy's body up into the grill's dickhole. Skewered 
through-and-through, Tuxxy moaned is pleasure, begging Twi to hit him, to whip 
him, and to dollip sour cream upon his nipples. [Insert Daisy Advertisment 
Here.]

Taylor doesn't belong in this story, GTFO harlot.

The sexy food orgy raged on, with each side thusting deeper into a bleeding, 
skewered Tuxxy. Sour cream bounced on his fat man-nipples, spraying everywhere 
and mixing with the marinade that was already leaking down the walls of the 
sanitarium. The patients, visibly shocked at the what they were seeing, cried 
out through periods of intense vomiting.

And Twi never had any sort of sexual intercourse again. At least, until the 
next day, in which she defiled Tux's charred, mangled corpse, before having 
a nice roast turkey dinner. And several orgies the day after. A nice, romantic 
evening full of crepes and strawberries after that. Of course, these crepes and 
strawberries were just metaphors for raunchy, dirty sex, but that's not the 
point.

Finally, after all these events concluded, the mangled, semen and food covered 
corpse of Tuxxy was dumped into the Nile River, and was promptly devoured by 
several half-naked muslim children.

THE END, FOR REAL THIS TIME

